this is where fell home was reporting
for the women scored saying is it in the
nineteen hundred block of like um in
Greek road in old by coming down Jim
when we coming down ship police sergeant
Joseph hope and police chief bill
Solomon investigating a two vehicle
crash the current here today Tuesday
just just after three o'clock in front
of mcdonalds
action towing is on the scene here this
is a Chevy Malibu only coming down to
police told us that an adult male
operating this vehicle slammed into a am
I believe is a Subaru
trapping both the driver and one of the
passengers they just put one of the
occupants it just extricated one of the
occupants of this
car into the back of the neck of the
Susquehanna Valley Circle Hannah
Regional Health System ambulance and
efrain townships ambulance is also here
you can see it there that the intentions
and then they'll be transporting the
second party who has not yet been
extricated
still that volunteer firefighters and
had to take the roof off the Subaru in
order to free the two occupants
well this is the scene today Tuesday
just a little after three o'clock and
the 19 under block of light coming creek
road
driver of this Chevy Malibu shaken up we
do not believe was going to be taken to
the hospital at least two people who are
going to the hospital and they're the
occupants one driver and a passenger
yo Holmes reporting for the Wayne's ward
sun-gazette in overcoming Township